Previously onScorpion...
I am running
for the 16th district alderman
of west altadenia
in the local upcoming election.
I'm your campaign manager, now.
What? Why?
'Cause I care about you, kid.
You look beautiful.
Well, thank you.
I am excited
to meet your parents.
You should've taken my mom
dancing when you had the chance.
We could have been
partners forever.
Paige, just hear me out.
How does Ms. Franklin
know your name?
Her last name is not
Franklin, it's dineen.
My mother is a con woman.
A first-degree grifter.
Would you like to
meet your grandson?
I'd like that very much.
It's a true pleasure.
I want what's best
for my daughter.
And from what I can tell,
that's you.
I'm gonna help you
get her back.
(Car horns honk in distance)
Mike: Those videos of people
leaning so hard
into the wind that
they're nearly horizontal?
That was me today.
I'm so glad to be out of Chicago
and back in L.A.
I missed you so much.
I can't wait to get home.
So, you want
to get crazy tonight?
Order pizza, do nothing?
(Warning beeps)
(Gasps)
(Screaming)
Mike:
Beth?
Beth, are you okay?
Michael, I just crashed.
I can't get out of the car!
Just stay calm, I'll get help!
(Screaming):
Help!
(Bubbling)
Paige:
Just wait for it.
Wait for it.
And the swamp lord is back!
Bet you thought that air strike
took him out.
Actually, I fully expected him
to survive the air strike.
How do you not love
the swamp lord?
It was my favorite growing up.
I can't believe
you found it.
Me either.
It's funny how movie night
happened to fall
on the one night
Tim's coming home late
from San Diego.
Ralph:
Sure hope they get him
with that atom blaster.
Which they won't,
because there's no such thing.
Come on.
Swamp lord just wants
to be loved.
Spoiler alert.
What? Chocolate-covered peanuts
for your popcorn?
Oh, my god.
That's how I always
eat my movie popcorn. Yes!
Give me.
Thanks.
I smell a rat.
A ripe, raw rat.
He's up to something.
Hey.
Mm-hmm?
What's with the
cheeseball movie?
What?
The plot is an interesting
mélange of cold war themes.
And the action isn't half bad.
Balderdash.
What?
I'm trying to see
if turn of the century
exclamations
can make a comeback.
It's a small linguistics
experiment I'm doing.
Anyway, hey,
you don't even like movies.
Yes, I do.
Hooey.
You've seen two.
Revenge of the nerds,
which you said
wasn't vengeful enough...
Mm-hmm.
...and real genius,
which you said... wasn't.
Correct.
And now you're into obscure
horror knockoffs
which happen to be
Paige's favorite?
I'm expanding my film
repertoire.
I know poppycock
when I hear it.
You're trying to win Paige.
(Door opens)
And I'm certain she's involved.
(Chuckles)
(Clapping)
Yay.
Isn't that great?
He gets the girl
in the end.
Implausibly.
Help me put the couch back.
Thank god for that movie.
It was practically
your babysitter
every day after school.
Nice to be reminded
how latchkey I was.
Um, you all settled
into the camper?
Yeah, it's great.
Better than a motel.
Cheaper, too.
And we're clear that,
um, this is...
Temporary.
Absolutely.
One week.
Okay.
Honey, I love your
hair like this.
Thanks. Thanks, mom.
The movie idea was excellent.
Salty/sweet worked
like a charm.
Good, good. Because she
deserves a man like you.
Oh.
Intellectual.
Kindhearted.
This is gonna work out great.
You seem to enjoy this process.
You guys all have your gifts.
I have one, too.
Con woman.
Persuader.
Yeah.
But I'm not used to
using my gifts for good.
I kind of like it.
You know what
else Paige likes?
The smell of Rosemary.
There was a bush
under her window
during the good years.
It'll bring back
positive childhood memories.
Excellent.
Oh, and
when she was in middle school,
she was really into grunge.
Mm, that's odd
for someone so hygienic.
No. The music?
Think flannel.
I will.
I'll be right back.
I have to... Google something.
Huh.
Forestry brave cookies?
If I sell 50 boxes,
i get my business badge.
And how much do the braves
charge you for these?
Buy 'em for five dollars,
sell 'em for five dollars.
What kind of business
are they teaching you?
Remember when you used to
write grandma in prison
about how you wanted to spend
some quality time together?
Shh. Shh.
(Whispering):
I know. Our secret.
But how about
we use that time
for grandma to help you
earn that business badge?
Mom won't go for it.
(Phone ringing)
She thinks you're a degenerate.
We'll keep our eyes peeled
for the opportunity. It knocks,
we answer.
Hello. Scorpion.
Toby:
Hey, we shooting
a campaign ad or what?
How much did you raise?
$42.
Of the $2,000 we need.
Total bust.
Sylvester:
We just chose
the wrong enticement.
"We" meaning "you."
You said you had a handle
on what we should sell
at our social.
But-- shocker--
who knew no one wants
cayenne and cumin ice cream
from spoon & grain,
whoever the hell they are?
Lesson one:
Know your market.
Sylvester:
I read
that this ice cream was hip.
Hip has no place in ice cream.
Ice cream is chocolate,
vanilla and strawberry. Period.
Just let us give you the money.
No. If I can't raise $2,000,
I have no business being
alderman of west altadenia.
Guys, a woman
is trapped in her car
at the bottom
of the la brea tar pits.
We're moving out right now.
Happy:
Whoa.
Exceptionally not good.
Where's the LAPD dive team?
Those guys are masters
at this stuff.
Searching for evidence
on a double homicide--
a gun dumped in
San Pedro harbor.
No divers within an hour
of the pits, the woman is
struggling for oxygen.
Fire and rescue
are stumped.
They need us.
Honey, I know you have to work,
so I can watch Ralph.
All right. Uh... okay, be good.
Both of you. Walter!
Yeah, I hear you!
I'm coming!
Toby:
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Alice in chains!
What's with Walter in flannel?
Happy:
I gave you those to use
as rags in the lab.
Why are you wearing them?
I always wear flannel.
I love fl-flannel.
I smell more rat.
Her name is Beth Reid.
She's conscious, unharmed.
She's been in there
for 30 minutes.
Have you had
any communication?
She's 30 feet down,
but her phone still works.
We can video chat with her
from the command station.
I'll be in there.
Oh, what size car,
and how bad is the leaking?
Small sedan. There's seepage
around the windows.
She must be getting
dizzy as hell
from the fumes
coming off the tar.
She mentioned
that, too.
She needs to seal off
the windows and the ac vents.
Based on heightened
breathing and the volume
of the interior
of her car,
we've got a 40-minute window
before she runs out of oxygen.
What happened here?
Is that a car bumper?
We fixed a thermal scanner
to the crane arm to pinpoint
the location of the car.
Managed to get a hook
into the rear bumper.
The front end
of the vehicle is wedged into
a bed of tar.
Thought we could
tow it out.
You can't play tug of war with
the earth. The pits are made of
high viscosity asphalt.
There's a reason
the mastodons couldn't fight
their way out.
Captain, I know you're trying,
but dropping a 60-pound hook...
(Phone chimes)
...Into that muck might puncture
a hole in the car and drown her.
Tim's here.
I'll fill him in.
I'm gonna go
check on Toby.
We need to rock the car
out slowly. We'll send
the cable down, wrap it around
the frame and slowly wiggle it.
But we need someone down there
to affix the cable.
I know the LAPD divers
are indisposed, but did they
offer up any suggestions?
Yeah. For no one to try this.
There's never been a
dive into tar before.
It's hot as hell,
eventually, the toxins
will disintegrate any protective
gear you're wearing.
You could get stuck
and never come back up.
So, in short,
diving's not an option.
Gentry:
Not for anybody
on my team.
It's too dangerous.
Paige:
Happy says
they won't send a robot sub in
to get better data.
Because?
The bubbles are methane
and the electrical currents that
power the remote control servers
on the sub could cause
an explosion.
Got it.
Wai-wait. Tim?
Are you... are you all right?
What happened in San Diego?
I failed my physical.
The mri showed
that the shrapnel
has moved closer to
my spine, and, uh...
I'm out of the seals,
and I am out of the Navy,
effective immediately.
Honorable discharge.
Tim...
Look, we have
a woman to save.
My back is the least of
my worries right now, so...
Okay. You're right.
Okay, but I'm...
I'm so sorry.
You're doing great, Beth.
Staying calm.
Keep looking for something
to plug the window joints
and ac vents.
(Rumbling and creaking,
Beth gasps)
Is the car moving?
Am I sinking?
Sylvester:
No. It's just settling
a little. You're okay.
Remember-- short breaths.
Conserve oxygen.
Everything's gonna be
hunky-dory.
Not if she doesn't
stop those leaks.
I found something.
Athletic tape for my shoulder.
Perfect! Use it to seal
all of the windows
and any other access points.
Toby:
We're gonna
get you out of there, Beth.
(Quietly):
Any idea how?
In 35 minutes, she
runs out of oxygen.
Sly, can't you send down an air
hose? Feed it into the car?
No. Even if we could, it would
need to be pressurized
and pressurized air
in the car
would blow out the
windows and she'd drown.
Scratch the air hose.
Walter:
Happy, can you
build something onto the crane
arm that would wrap the cable
around the car?
In six hours.
Don't have it.
What are the odds of building
an effective immersion suit
within the next ten minutes?
Immersion suit? Why would
we need an immersion suit?
Happy:
If I can raid that
fire truck and a dive shop,
I can whip something up,
but it won't last
long down there.
Going down there
is too dangerous.
I'll do it, I'll go.
No, you weigh 30 pounds
more than I do.
The odds are slightly better
of someone lighter
being able to disengage
if they get stuck.
Tim:
Then I'll do it.
I've got
underwater mission experience.
Tim, your back.
Is fine.
Fine enough to risk
twisting wrong in that tar
and winding up paralyzed?
(Screams)
Please hurry, I can
barely breathe in here.
Okay, sly hacked
her fitness tracker,
and the car isn't the only thing
that's unstable:
So are her vitals.
We need a solution.
That's it, I'm gonna go.
Now, happy, you can
direct me
where to fasten
the cabling for the car?
Walter, you go down there,
your odds of survival
are less than .01%.
It's me, or she dies.
I want everything
on the truck off the truck.
I need to see the resources
we're working with.
Beth? Beth?
Okay, you need to tell me
everything you have in the car.
I need to see what
resources we're working with.
Beth, this is
Walter o'brien.
He's gonna come down there
and help get you out.
The fire chief said
no one could do that.
Walter can. He's
going to get to you,
wrap a cable around the car
so it can be rocked
free from the tar.
Okay. Mr. o'brien,
have you done this before?
No.
But you know
what you're doing?
Walter: I know science.
Okay, tell me
what's in the car,
we don't have time to waste.
Sun block, deodorant...
And I have a road flare
in my glove box.
Toby:
Whoa, careful!
You light that,
you could blow yourself up
just from the fumes in the car.
Okay.
Gentlemen, this is
Michael, Beth's husband.
Michael!
God, Beth!
Michael, I'm scared.
It's okay to be scared.
But just remember,
we have a plan.
It's a solid plan.
Okay.
Walter, we need you.
Three blocks away,
there's a dive shop.
We might be able to cobble
together something
for you to wear in the tar.
"Cobble together?"
That doesn't sound like
a very solid plan to me.
Believe me, we've been to space
and back with less preparation.
Michael, stay with me.
I'm right here
with you, Beth.
This is it.
This is where our market
lives and breathes, okay?
Lumberjack moustaches,
rolled-up jeans...
My mom calls these people
hipster doofuses.
Yep, and they're gonna love
what we're selling.
Here, put this apron on.
It's cute.
"Artisan organic
Peruvian ice cream sandwiches
made to order."
I don't see where Peru
factors in.
It factors in the bottom line.
A little fairy dust
to magically
increase our cash
by twelvefold.
"Duodecuple" our cash.
That's the term.
Right. Okay, so...
One box of 24 cookies
sells for $5.
Turn it into 12 exotic
ice cream sandwiches
at five bones apiece,
and suddenly this box
is worth $60.
Percentage of
profit, maestro?
1,200%.
But who would want to buy
overpriced miniature ice creams
of questionable origin?
People want
to feel special.
Especially these nudniks.
So we let them believe
that they're getting
something special.
It makes them happy.
We should be
charging more, actually.
Look alive.
Customers. Hi.
Gloves, anti-fog spray,
dive boots.
Any luck
with a wet suit?
No, I'm looking
for dry suits.
The tar would eat through
the neoprene wet suit
and burn my skin--
this one!
I got everything
but the diving helmet.
None in the store.
I hoped we'd be lucky,
but this is a recreational
dive shop.
Guys, find something
we can use as a helmet.
A five-gallon water
bottle would fit,
but I have to assume
that the tar
would dissolve the plastic.
You assume correctly.
What about a giant fishbowl?
Glass won't disintegrate, right?
Fishbowl glass is too delicate.
It'd crack under pressure
from being down so deep.
I know this sounds crazy,
but what about these
lighting sconces?
Brass borders
between glass panes.
Glass looks pretty thick, happy.
What do you think?
Happy: I modified
a scuba regulator
so there'll be
intake and outflow.
You should be
able to breathe,
and you should not fog up.
Walter, do you see me?
Yes.
(Exhaling sharply)
Do you see me giving you
a big fat smoochy smooch?
Horrifying.
This'll help you
avoid claustrophobia,
and at times it's gonna be
the only thing you can see.
Uh, visibility's
gonna be limited.
Hand soap.
Gallons of hand soap.
It's time to grease you up!
I got your tow truck.
Cabe: Tim,
let's go rig it for Walter.
I ran the idea
of this getup
past the LAPD dive commander.
He thinks
you're crazy.
He's not even sure
this suit will hold.
The hydroxide anions in the soap
can counteract
the molar strength
of tar acid for up to 32 minutes
before corrosion sets in.
That's ten minutes longer
than Beth has air,
so it should be fine.
Better be.
Happy:
All soaped up.
Time to dive.
I'll get the crane down to you.
We have a crane operator
on site.
Can he calculate
the drop zone coordinates
to a hundredth
of a centimeter?
Uh...
That's what
i thought.
Get him out of my rig.
Hey,
next movie night--
Sci-Fi or horror?
Sci-Fi.
Good. So I'll see you then,
right?
Walter: Breathing apparatus
is working fine.
At least on land, anyway.
Beth, he's walking in now.
Please let him know I think
he's very brave for doing this.
You can tell him yourself
when you get out of that muck.
(Faintly):
Okay.
I have clear entry.
In you go, buddy.
And for the record,
this is very impressive.
Headed down.
It's thick. It's a much slower
descent than water.
Okay, Walter, I've
got you spotted.
You're going to hit the tar bed
in seconds. When you do,
turn four degrees to your left,
and the car
will be 15 paces from you.
(Groans)
That's one step.
The tar is very hard
to navigate.
Hey. How's he doing?
He's moving very slowly.
Toby:
Walt,
why don't you, uh,
think slippery thoughts?
Eels. Richard Nixon.
Walter:
When I go under a tar layer,
it's almost pitch black.
Does Beth have a flashlight
in her car?
I have one in my glove box.
Have her aim it
out of the driver's window.
I see her.
I'm close.
Oh, I see him! Thank god.
Hi. I'm Walter.
We met earlier.
Toby:
Yeah, Walt, make sure
you introduce yourself
in case someone else
is passing through the tar pits.
O'brien, get to work.
Hook goes on the front axle,
then bring the cable
over the hood,
back underneath
under the drive train.
I'll be right back.
Okay.
Mike:
Beth, listen to me.
I know this'll work,
but I'll need you to hear me.
Okay? Thank you.
Thank you
for taking a chance on me.
I've never been good enough
for you, but...
(Crying): Michael...
...But you still...
I love you.
I just want to go home.
Toby:
Beth, you will get
to go home, but right now
you can't get too worked up.
Uh, Toby's right.
You just have to regulate
your breathing, okay?
So just breathe in
with me.
Take a deep breath.
(Breathing deeply)
I know you have a lot you
want to say, but she needs
to conserve oxygen right now,
and crying doesn't help that.
I know, I'm sorry, it's just,
before I met her...
I wasn't a great guy.
No direction.
I... I was a wreck.
I understand.
I know what it's like
to find that one
special woman.
No, more than special.
Before I met Beth, I was a dog.
Bouncing around three different
women at the same time.
I was a bad guy.
But she saw through
my insecurities.
She gave me a chance
to be the man
that she knew
that I could be.
But you know
what it's like.
She was in love
over this nonsense playboy life.
Yeah. I sure do.
For certain.
No, they don't.
Walter:
It's fastened.
Happy, start rocking the car.
Okay, Beth,
get ready for some movement.
Okay.
(Mechanical whirring)
It's pulling the car.
Toby:
Side to side,
that's right.
Walter:
It's coming loose.
(Scraping, creaking)
What's happening?
Happy, stop.
(Creaking)
Walter, what's the problem?
Metal tearing.
I can't see where.
Beth:
It's coming in!
Lots of it.
The fence pole must have speared
the car when she crashed.
Rocking it tore a hole
in the frame.
So we can't move it anymore?
Now the car is leaking.
Walter:
I can take care of it
for the moment.
Sylvester: Walter,
if you take off your gloves,
the tar is going
to burn your hand.
Yes. Only moderately so far.
Happy:
That will get worse...
Quickly.
So if we can't move the car,
what's the plan?
Flood the vehicle,
and then pull back
to the surface
on the crane cable.
Oh.
Once she's exposed to the tar,
she only has 20 seconds
to get to the surface.
Any longer,
she's looking at
third-degree burns on over 90%
of her body.
That's almost certain death.
Mike:
No!
She's safe in the car--
leave her there
until you figure
something else out.
Walter: Guys, there is nothing
else to figure out.
The car cannot be raised
to the surface.
Beth will have to go
through the tar.
Happy:
In less than
20 seconds--
this ain't gonna be easy.
We can prepare
a bath of diesel fuel
to quickly get the tar off her
body once she hits the surface.
Guys, this sounds very dicey.
(Creaking over speaker)
So does that.
Beth!
I'm falling!
Beth?
Beth!
Her airbag
knocked her out.
I can't pull her out
unconscious.
She'll aspirate tar and die.
Guys, this plan just got
considerably more dicey.
That's a real-life
swamp lord.
(Grunts)
Come on.
(Grunting)
(Gasps and coughs)
Beth's condition?
Uh, she's breathing and
her vitals are okay for now.
Oh, god, Walter-- your hand.
Toby:
Man, that's like
a caramel apple,
except your hand's the apple,
the tar's the caramel,
and no one finds this delicious.
She has less than ten minutes
until she runs out of air.
If we can't move the car,
or bring her up unconscious,
then what do we do?
We wake her up.
Just don't ask me how.
Smelling salts.
Don't you have to wave those
under a person's nose?
We could deliver an eye opener
through the hole in the car
that Walter plugged
with his glove.
We can hook another cable to
the crane; Once she's attached,
I can lift both of you
out in a few seconds.
(Groans)
Tim: I'll start rigging
the new line.
We can use an atomizer
to pump the salts
through the hole,
and then disperse it
through the vehicle.
I can handle the atomizer.
We need a syringe and a tube.
On it.
What do you use
for smelling salts?
Well, it would have to be a
potent combination to wake her.
Something truly noxious.
I know where to get that.
I'll be back.
Here you go.
Cayenne, cumin,
himalayan sea salt,
and every other spice
i got on my rig.
Now, at $3.00
a pinch-topping,
that's $750.
I don't think so.
On behalf
of the U.S. government,
I'm commandeering your truck
and all the spices on it.
Hey. You can't do that.
I'm gonna have to shut down.
Trust me,
I'm doing you all a favor.
Doesn't matter, people.
Looks like there's
a small Peruvian boy
selling organic ice cream
on the corner of 1st and flower.
Viva Peru!
Next.
Uh, lavender goat cheese ice
cream on cinnamon cookies.
That is a fantastic choice.
Very original.
Isn't this great?
Grandma and Ralph's
big adventure.
Is that something
you and my mom would have?
Big adventures?
Oh, yeah, we did
all sorts of things.
Like what?
We had lots of
great times.
We were real pals.
So how come you guys
haven't spoken in so long?
I asked you that in one of
my letters to you in prison.
Shh. Not so loud, honey.
But you never
answered my question.
It's complicated, and
we have customers, okay?
I can't wait to tell mom
about how much money we made.
About that...
I don't think we need
to share all the
details with her.
I think it's best to frame
it for her, you know?
Show it in its best light.
By omitting facts?
By framing them.
We sold cookies.
That's what's relevant.
How we did it
is less important.
Okay...
Good boy.
Keep scooping.
(Coughing)
(Both gagging, coughing)
Try not to lose this one.
This one's for you,
and this one's for Beth.
All right.
Cable's good to go.
And this will be ready to roll
when you emerge.
Mix of diesel fuel and solvent
to dissolve the hydrocarbons
and heterocyclic compounds
in the tar on Beth's skin.
You're starting to sound
a lot like them.
Thank you.
So...
This one's, uh, a lot scarier
than the movie, huh?
Sylvester: You need to
protect the atomizer.
Its polypropylene polymers
will not last long
in the tar.
Ready.
Cabe:
Okay. There you go.
He's gonna have to move fast
once he gets down there.
Beth's out of oxygen
in roughly three minutes.
♪ ♪
He's at the car.
Walter:
Tube's in.
Hitting the plunger.
Come on. Wake up, please.
(Gasps)
It worked!
That's all those toppings
are good for.
What's happening?
(Gasping)
Walter:
Beth. Don't worry.
We have an idea for
getting you out of here.
Okay.
But it all depends
on how long
you can hold your breath.
What are you talking about?
Why do I have to hold my breath?
Lack of better options.
Walter:
I'm pulling you out of the car.
You'll be on land
in 20 seconds,
but we need your help.
Cabe:
Beth, put on your backpack,
connect your chest strap.
Walter's gonna use that
to connect to the cable.
And use the athletic tape
to wrap your whole head.
Cover your eyes,
ears, nose, mouth.
It's gonna be very
claustrophobic.
You won't be able to breathe,
but it won't be for long.
This will stop the caustic acid
in the tar
from entering your body.
Okay.
Toby: And use the sunscreen
to cover all exposed skin.
It'll help fight
the viscoelasticity in the tar.
(Gasping)
You can do this; It'll be
over before you know it.
She has no other options; In
90 seconds she runs out of air.
Beth, do it now.
(Sighing)
Paige:
Beth, take a deep breath,
burn away from the window.
And in few seconds
it'll all be over.
(Crying):
Mike, I love you.
I love you, too.
(Crying)
(Inhales)
Go, Walter, now!
Lay down, as far as you can go,
Beth.
Walter (Muffled):
Come on, move!
Move!
Walter:
She's on the line,
pull us up.
(Walter screaming)
Happy, stop. Stop now.
What's going on?
(Beth whimpers)
Come on, pull her up right now!
Walter, Walter. You all right?
Walter: No.
My feet are stuck in the tar.
It feels like I'm
being torn in half.
Come on, guys,
what are we waiting on?
Did you try rocking
your boots back and forth
like we did with the car?
Mike: She's running out of time.
Pull her up.
Walter: I can't,
I'm planted here.
Toby: You got
to get unstuck, buddy,
she's gonna have
life-threatening burns
in 15 seconds.
Oh, god.
Mike:
Come, on, please.
I'm sending her up.
Sylvester: What do you mean
you're sending her up?
Walter: I'm stuck.
She isn't.
I'm unhooking my cable...
Pull her up!
Beth.
Fireman (Yelling instructions):
Get her down! Slowly.
Careful, careful.
Okay.
Ready.
Watch your legs.
Gurney now!
(Gasps)
She's okay.
She's breathing.
Fireman:
Back away, back away, back away.
All right.
Mike:
I'm right here, honey.
You're gonna be okay.
Walt, why the hell did you
unhook yourself?
That's Walter's tank.
Hook must've snagged it
on the way up.
So he's stuck down there
and he can't breathe?
Not good.
Walter, I know you're conserving
air, but please, answer us.
I'm here.
Less words the better.
Now it's your turn
to stay calm, buddy.
Okay, I am estimating he's got
roughly two minutes
of oxygen left in his mask
and suit.
We need to figure out a way
to get both of his legs
out of the pocket of asphalt
and bring him to the surface.
Look, sly's right.
We need a plan,
or the bones
next to smilodon fatalis
will be those
of genius interruptus.
No use... can't get out.
Toby:
Do we seriously
not have any other ideas?
His dive suit and his chances
of survival are melting away.
Five bucks for a runny
ice cream sandwich?
How am I gonna instagram this?
Quickly?
Veronica:
Look, we got
more postings
than the actual
spoon & grain truck.
(Sighs)
The only reason we outsold
the actual spoon & grain truck
is because
they had to shut down.
A government agent commandeered
all their toppings.
The government will line their
pockets with anything.
Ralph:
I'm following
this thread.
A genius team helping
on a rescue,
and one of them is stuck
in the tar pits.
Ralph, this is not a good time,
but are you okay?
Mom, who's stuck
in the pits?
Is it Walter?
Paige: Yes.
But we're working
on getting him out.
Really? 'Cause so far
we've got bupkis.
Mom, Walter can melt the tar.
Paige: What do you mean,
melt the tar?
Melt the tar... brilliant.
Sylvester:
If Walter heats the tar,
it'll lower its adhesion level,
and he can pull his legs free.
How is he gonna melt anything
down there?
He's got to start a fire.
All right,
i got to call you back.
What about the methane,
can't it cause an explosion?
Maybe, but it's better
than trying to breathe
without oxygen.
Fire triangle: He needs heat,
fuel and oxygen.
Can... get oxygen... from tire.
Cabe:
And you're surrounded by nothing
but heat bubbles of methane.
That's your fuel.
Sylvester:
The flare on the dash!
Use that for fire!
But once you light it,
get out as quick as you can!
(Hissing)
Might want to step back
from shore.
See you soon.
♪ ♪
(Walter grunts)
(Rumbling, creaking)
That doesn't sound good.
(Muffled boom)
Any sign of him?
There!
He'll never make it!
(Grunting)
Tim!
Come on!
Paige:
Careful!
You could fall in!
I think they've got ahold of
him. They're gonna reel him in.
Come on!
So tar so good.
When I'm nervous, I pun.
(Grunting)
Come on.
(Grunts)
(Panting)
Walter.
Walter, are you okay?
(Panting):
I've been better. Beth?
Cabe:
Is all right,
thanks to you.
Pal,
for the record,
unhooking that cable
and leaving yourself down there,
that was tomfoolery
of the first order.
Give it up, Toby.
That lingo's never coming back.
Really?
'Cause I think it's the bee's
knees, the cat's pajamas.
Ow.
Uh... yes.
Yes, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Hey.
Uh, hey.
That was my old commander.
With a job offer in amman.
J-Jordan?
That's... way out of town.
Yeah.
A close friend of his
is a private contractor.
He's got federal funding
to build infrastructure
in the
middle east,
and he needs a new head
of security.
S-sounds like
an interesting opportunity.
Yeah.
It is.
You know,
when I got the results
of my mri,
I thought
that everything I ever wanted,
everything that I worked so hard
for was just... gone.
I mean,
the seals were my life.
So, yeah, him calling
with this job offer
and having that faith in me,
uh, this is... it's intriguing.
But then
i think
about Beth and, like...
I mean, she should have never
made it out of that pit alive,
but we saved her.
All of us.
You know,
i got into the military
because I wanted to help people.
And I want to continue
to help people.
And I don't think there's
a better place to do that
than here with scorpion.
So I think
it's about time I have a talk
with cabe
about making my position here
permanent.
Oh, Tim. That's...
That's great news.
♪ ♪
This is what I call a
scorching partnership.
It's a lot more than the
forestry braves are expecting.
Well, honey,
in business, this here
is what is called a surplus.
And since we're
profit participants,
the f-braves get
their five bucks a box
and we each get
to take our cut,
for our exceptional
salesmanship.
You can keep my cut.
Keep your cut? No.
Did you not learn anything
tonight?
I learned that my mom had
trouble communicating with you
for a reason.
I thought we had fun tonight.
I wanted to learn more about you
and my mom,
not how to con hipsters,
which is fish in a barrel.
You seemed smart
in your letters.
I was excited
when you showed up,
but... you've been
a disappointment.
Okay, look, Ralph,
I have some bad habits.
And the truth is
i wasn't a great mom.
But I really want
to be a better grandma.
How 'bout we do something fun
tomorrow, Ralph-style fun?
We'll go
to the planetarium?
Science museum?
Observatory?
All three?
What about the extra money?
(Sighs)
We give it to a good cause.
Oh. Hi!
Oh, I'm so glad that
everyone is okay...
(Gasps)
What-what is this?
Grandma and I sold all my
forestry brave cookies.
That is more than cookie money.
Ralph:
We made
a small surplus.
How?
We filled a hole
in the market and
made people feel special.
We wanted to raise
a little extra
for Sylvester's campaign.
Oh. (Chuckles) Veronica,
you know, I appreciate it,
but I meant it when I said
that I should be able
to raise that money myself.
Veronica:
But you did.
I've been listening to you,
for days,
talk about what you'd do
if you were elected.
And I like your ideas.
They're really
smart. So...
This is a political contribution
to your campaign.
Not a gift.
It's something you earned.
(Chuckles)
Thank you.
Wow.
My first campaign donation.
I get it.
You made him
feel special.
(Door opens)
That was Toby and happy
from the hospital.
Beth's gonna make
a full recovery.
Cabe, I got the rest
of the money.
We don't need to do any more
ice cream fundraisers.
Thank god. I never want to hear
the words "spoon" and "grain"
in the same sentence again.
Come on, let's go concept
some campaign optics.
Good idea. Hey, how about
an image of me riding a Pegasus?
How 'bout we actually try
to win this election?
Honey, go pack up
your bag.
You "filled a hole
in the market"?
It was all very innocent.
It always is,
until the judge disagrees.
Do I have
to kick you out of here?
It's a small price to pay
for getting to spend the night
with my grandson.
Honey,
he's amazing.
You are a
great mom.
And we both know that
you didn't learn that from me.
So...
I understand
if you want me to go.
Okay. Just...
Check in with me before you...
Do anything entrepreneurial.
You're the boss.
Everything okay?
Oh, you know,
I'm... used to her
manipulating me,
but I can't have her
manipulating Ralph.
I'm just not sure
she can help herself.
I can see
how that would upset you.
Uh, but if I may?
We both
heard a man today
who was so thankful
that his wife gave him a chance
to change who he was.
She saw the
better in him.
Do you think...
There's better in...
Your mother?
Maybe.
You have a decision to make.
You know, I can handle a lot,
but not dishonesty.
And not with my son.
With the way
i was raised,
it just... turns my stomach.
Anyway, you have a...
You have a good night.
I have some things
to finish up.
Good night.
(Chuckles softly)
(Quietly):
Hey. Way to rock that flannel.
I have another idea
you can use...
You know,
someone said to me today
they knew poppycock
when they heard it.
And all your
suggestions,
they're poppycock.
They're... claptrap. Hokum.
I feel like I'm being dressed
down by grover Cleveland.
Conning Paige may have been
an efficient way to impress her,
but it's not the honest way.
Veronica,
if she ever found out,
it would hurt her very deeply.
If I'm gonna
win her,
I want to do it the right way.
Understood.
I'll back down.
Okay.
But for the record,
this makes me want you to end up
with her even more.
You're a really
good man, Walter.
And I wish you luck, 'cause...
That guy's planting roots.
(Speaking indistinctly)